# Spooky UE4
WIP Skeleton-centered Virtual Reality Sensor Fusion plugin for the Unreal Engine

WARNING: this code is still under construction and will NOT work out of the box without significant customization. We are working to fix this asap by providing a code plugin and eventually precompiled plugin for UE4.

# Aims and Introduction
The rapidly improving quality and availability of head mounted displays (HMDs) has seen a large increase in public interest in virtual reality (VR). HMDs allow for a wide variety of immersive experiences unavailable to other display platforms. However, HMDs typically block out the real world, leaving the user feeling disembodied in the virtual space. Without tracking of the user’s body and hands, interactions within the environment are limited. Furthermore, without visual body and hand representation within the virtual environment, states of presence and immersion are impeded. If the virtual environment is multi-user, communication can also be impeded by inaccurate or limited body or hand tracking.
 
Tracking systems for achieving high fidelity body and hand tracking are prohibitively expensive. For example, OptiTrack, Vicon, and similar gold-standard motion capture systems can have costs in the range of thousands to hundreds of thousands of US dollars. Many low cost devices exist as alternatives, but often do not provide the required tracking quality and range for many purposes. Some examples include Leap Motion, Microsoft Kinect, Perception Neuron, Oculus Rift, HTC Vive and PlayStation VR. These devices cost from one hundred to a few thousand US dollars, but suffer from issues such as limited tracking volume, occlusion, drift and low accuracy. This repository represents work towards creating highly accessible fusion software which allows for the combination of low cost tracking systems. The objective is to bridge the quality gap between commodity and gold-standard tracking systems. By minimizing the need for user configuration, the software aims to decrease required technical expertise and increase access to high-quality tracking for businesses, research laboratories and hobbyists.
